Documentation about how to set current date in minikube after computer hibernation (#3420)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/kyma/docs/04-02-local-installation-from-release.md

## Troubleshooting

1. If the Installer does not respond as expected, check the installation status using the `is-installed.sh` script with the `--verbose` flag added. Run:
   ```
   scripts/is-installed.sh --verbose
   ```

2. If the installation is successful but a component does not behave in an expected way, see if all deployed Pods are running. Run this command:  
   ```
   kubectl get pods --all-namespaces
   ```

   The command retrieves all Pods from all Namespaces, the status of the Pods, and their instance numbers. Check if the STATUS column shows Running for all Pods. If any of the Pods that you require do not start successfully, perform the installation again.

   If the problem persists, don't hesitate to create a [GitHub](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/issues) issue or reach out to the ["installation" Slack channel](https://kyma-community.slack.com/messages/CD2HJ0E78) to get direct support from the community.

> 3. If you put your local running cluster into hibernation, or execute `minikube stop` and after some time `minikube start` you will be not able log in. The dex access token has some time to live, and your minikube has incorrect date and time. Execute below command to set current time of your local machine into minikube:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If you put your local running cluster into hibernation or use `minikube stop` and `minikube start` the date and time settings of Minikube get out of sync with the system date and time settings. As a result, the access token used to log in cannot be properly validated by Dex and you cannot log in to the console. To fix that, set the date and time used by your machine in Minikube. Run: 
```
